# L2Bot 0.6 version

## INTRODUCTION

This is toolkit of AutoIt scripts to implement Lineage 2 bot.

## INSTALLATION

To launch L2Bot you need to download AutoIt interpreter from official website:<br/>
http://www.autoitscript.com/site/autoit/downloads

The x64 interpreter version must be selected for users with x64 Windows version.

Then download archive with L2Bot scripts and extract it.

## CONFIGURATION

You must modify configuration files to adapt L2Bot for your Lineage 2 client.

This is list of configuration files from 'conf' directory:<br/>
hotbar.au3 - content of your hotbar is described there<br/>
interface.au3 - position of interface windows and trigger colors are described there<br/>
control.au3 - specific keys to control player character is described there<br/>
targets_ru.au3 - list of first letter in target mobs names<br/>

Specify or leave unchanged this information in hotbar.au3 file:<br/>
1. kAttackKey - key to attack action in your hotbar (by default F1)<br/>
2. kNextTargetKey - key to next target action in your hotbar (by default F3)<br/>
3. kPickDropKey - key to pickup drop action in your hotbar (by default F4)<br/>
3. kSitKey - key to sit/stand action in your hotbar (by default F9)<br/>
6. kHealthPoition - key to use health poition (by default F5)<br/>

You can use the CoolPix.exe utility from 'tools' directory to get next interface inforamtion.

Specify or leave unchanged this information in interface.au3 file:<br/>
1. kTargetWindowPos[x1, y1, x2, y2] - this is left up point (x1 and y1) and bottom down point (x2, y2) area coordinates array of the target window<br/>
2. kTargetWindowColorBrown - first color of target window<br/>
3. kTargetWindowColorGray - second color of target window<br/>
4. kTargetHealthColor - color of full health bar in the target window<br/>
5. kTargetManaColor - color of full mana bar in the target window<br/>
6. kTargetManaEmptyColor - color of empty mana bar in the target window<br/>
7. kTargetHealthPos - area of the target's health bar<br/>
8. kSelfHealthMinPos - area of the player's health bar more than minimal
   value<br/>
9. kSelfHealthEmptyPos - area of whole player's health bar<br/>
10. kSelfHealthColor - color of the full player's health bar<br/>
11. kSelfManaMinPos - area of the the player's mana bar more than minimal
    value<br/>
12. kSelfManaColor - color of the full player's mana bar<br/>
13. kMoveControlPos1 - first screen point to check player's moving<br/>
14. kMoveControlPos2 - second screen point to check player's moving<br/>
15. kMoveControlPos3 - third screen point to check player's moving<br/>

Specify or leave unchanged class spicific skills in the files of tactics directory. You can find these in the spoiler.au3, tank.au3 and warcrayer.au3 files.

## LAUNCHING

To start L2Bot work perform next actions:

1. Launch your Lineage 2 client in window mode (press Alt+Enter to do it) and start game with your character.
2. Go to location with mobs
3. Minimize Lineage 2 client window
4. Start spoiler.au3, warcrayer.au3 or tank.au3 script from the L2Bot directory
5. Switch and restore the Linegae 2 client window
6. Press Alt+F2 to grab Lineage 2 client window
7. Press Alt+F3 to start bot
8. Press Alt+F1 to stop bot
